Promise
Wuji, are you alright?
Dazhi Shi, what are you doing?
In public
He actually attacked a disciple in the book
Are there any rules in your eyes?
Ridiculous
It is Zaiye Wuji who ignores the rules and kills his fellow disciples
I was just trying to stop him
Kill me online
Why can't I fight back?
Right
It is clear that your son Zhao Lingfang is going to kill my apprentice
Fearless is just a passive counterattack
Do you have pride in your son killing people?
Don't let others fight back?
What the hell is this?
I am the eldest nephew of Hirozong in charge of the Law Enforcement Hall
I said he violated the rules of the sect and he violated the rules of the sect
you
Shameless so far
Zongzu
eat